Episode 8
Dad, why is it hard for me to fall in love?
For the prawn dish grilled with garlic,
which I just ordered ...
What wine would go best with it? I don't know.
Well eating a dish with something as strong as garlic
will detract from the  flavor of the wine.
To maintain the garlic flavour, without sacrificing the taste of the wine ,
I would recommend a dry white wine.
Bordeaux and Malmo,
Moebius?
How about Muscadet?
Ah, Muscadet. Bordeaux and Muscadet are both good choices, Sir.
What do you think , Darling?
We are testing them, let's pretend,
we're husband and wife
Don't you have any other wine?
Pardon?
I don't like to drink these two,
is there any other wine?
You don't know?
What wine do you lot think
will go best with this dish?
Rose wine?
That's right, Rose wine is also suitable.
Rose wine would be better if it were iced.
Pardon?
We can't choose this one because
my darling is pregnant.
Next one
You call this fighting?
If you wanna hit him, then
use all your strength!
That's right, you should hit like that.
It means much more if there is blood.
Kill!
Hit him!
Hitting what? Who do you want dead?
There was a time when you were
interested in bull fighting,
why don't you watch that anymore?
Now days I enjoy dogfighting.
There's a competition at Sung Nam
this Sunday, you wanna go watch?
I'm sorry, my bad.
-Tell the manager to come in
-By the way, I heard Jin Hyun hasn't been at work for last 3 days.
3 days?
Why?
Are you sick?
Come sit here! Sit here
What's happened?
I haven't asked her yet
What has happened exactly?
What could happen?
This proves that the ugly duckling
will stay an ugly duckling
and won't become a swan.
Does that mean Sam Soon
Unni got dumped?
You won't know if it's liquid
or solid until you've eaten it.
Stop saying things you don't
know, don't guess.
You haven't been in love before have you?
Yes.
When the man dissappears and the woman gets dark circles under her eyes, It's over.
Hey, you think this time it will be your turn?
There's nothing that says that I can't be a swan.
Stop kidding around.
The swan is someone else.
Is it the woman who came the other day?
fNo, It's me.
♫ You say this guy ♫
♫ This guy's in love with you. ♫
♫ Yes, I'm in love. ♫
♫ Who looks at you the way I do? ♫
♫ When you smile,  ♫
♫ I can tell. ♫
♫ We know each other very  well. ♫
Why aren't you coming to work?
♫ How can I show you? ♫
♫ I'm glad. ♫
♫ I got to know you ♫
♫ 'Cause ♫
♫ I've heard some talk ♫
[Miss fat Kim, are you still alive?
Contact me, good girl!]
♫ This girl's in love. ♫
♫ And what I do to make you mine, ♫
♫ Tell me now, is it so? ♫
♫ Don't let me be the last to know. ♫
♫ My hands are shaking. ♫
Where's my cell phone?
How would we know?
Where is my cell phone?!
Wait a sec.
[Your remaining balance to the 27th June
on your cell phone is 135,000 won]
Has she got a boyfriend lately?
No, how could she?
It can't be..
Anyway, something doesn't feel right,
she's gotten slimmer lately.
Was that me?
No.
How dare you not reply to my text message?
Why did you lay on my stomach then?
You need to take full responsibility
as a pornographic service
[I am free today, shall we go out?
I'm waiting for your call]
What's this?
Hey!
What are you playing at? Am I your Oppa?!
If I ever get anymore of this harrassment, the Ministry of Information and Communication will end it! Got that?
There has been a thief in the restaurant
If you don't reply again, I'll...!
[I am at the hospital, very busy - Sam Shik]
Why are you at the hospital?
Are you sick?
Is your leg hurt?
Should I come to the hospital?
What? Are you sick?
Is your leg hurt? Should I come to the hospital?
[No need - Sam Shik]
What? He only replied 2 words?
But, are you not sick?
Are you or aren't you asking me to come?
I'm so worried..
So worried....
--Help me to translate will you?
--What is it?
The hospital  records for Hee Jin from America.
It's about Hee Jin's treatments,
even including the MRI and  CT reports.
Did he bring all this over?
Yes, it couldn't have been easy
to get his hands on these.
These reports have become
a great help to us,
my superior told me to thank you.
--Thank you very much for bringing all this.
--Okay.
Please extend our appreciation to the physician in charge.
Not at all.
Can you really do the tests here?
Look who's talking..
Our hospital is the best, even
on treatment of the gastrointestinal
system is well known.
We had a genius from the US
surgical department who
joined us last year, didn't you know?
I guess because Hee Jin's parents are there, she went.
I didn't know she would be so cruel,
leaving without saying a single word to anyone
Would it come back again?
It could come back in 2 years time.
The chances of it coming
back after 6 years is low.
Can she fully recover after 5 years?
It's possible, but it could
come back after 5 years.
Don't worry.
It's definite it is in remission now.
Hee Jin has a strong will to live.
Plus we have our top doctor with us.
You just need to take care of her now.
When are you leaving?
I have no plans yet to leave.
How long is your vacation?
I have five months left.
Have you ever been to Japan?
Hmm.  I was in Tokyo and Osaka.
What about China?
Not yet.
Why don't you visit there?
I'll pay for everything.
Why are you paying for everything?
To thank you for taking care of Hee Jin all this time.
Okay, look.  I'm just doing my job. Okay?
So thank you but, no thanks.
That's rude.
In Korean custom you should accept.
I'm sorry.  I didn't know.  But I'll think about it.
Great.  I'll call my travel agent to get started.
By the way, tell Sophie...
thank you for recommending this book.
It's really good.
Sophie
- Yeah, Sophie.
Hey
-Hey.
How was it?
Good.
Are you okay?  You sure?
Okay?
Let's go
Let's drink to the beauty
of the 3 of us, cheers! One shot?
Why is the beer so sweet today?
Our mum's intake is not bad today!
Eat up, they're getting scorched
Why aren't you eating?
I am.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
You could eat a lot more, but what's
wrong with you today?
I don't feel like eating.
Just leave her alone, she needs
to lose weight anyway.
-The phone!
-You eat, I'll get it.
What you doing?!
Tell me the truth, what's going on?
Since you went to Jejudo, you've been strange.
Did something happen between
you and Sam Shik?
He hasn't come to work for 4 days now.
Why?
That's why I'm like this, because I don't know.
He didn't phone?
I think he only talked to Manager Oh.
Then what's wrong? He hasn't
gone missing you know.
I miss him.
I'm missing him like crazy.
Really?
She's recently lost a bit of weight
so she looks better now.
She's quite tall.
She's curvy
more like me, you know!
She's only a little bit fat, if you look
closely, she's a real beauty!
So that's why you need to help
me find someone for her.
This won't do.
Sam Shik can never be the one.
Why?
Look at Young Suk.
You know that when she married a rich guy,
people all got get envious of her.
Do you know how she is at the
moment? You don't even know.
How is she living?
I won't go into the details.
She said that rich people's thinking
is different from us.
We don't know what they are thinking,
and they don't even want to know what we are thinking.
Anyway. they probably think that's wise of them.
The problem is, some people
really want to become rich.
I hope my sister does not think like that.
Aren't you the same Sis?
What did I do?
Didn't you get married after meeting
him for a couple of days?
He's not that rich even!
He's not even that rich!
He's not a chaebol.  And I lived according to my principles.
So you say you were being sincere even
though you got married because he was rich
Oh, really.
People do have their own principles,  When you make choices according to those principles, you weigh them.
And my principle is to choose
someone who has ability.
Don't judge me who followed my own principles.
If you wer following your principles,
then why did you get divorced?
That is not the  important problem right now.
Have you possibly slept with Sam Shik?
No.
--Just kissed.
--Kissed?
I'm sorry, we only kissed once.
If you're sorry you kissed...
What happened afterwards? Did
he say he wanted to date you?
He didn't say anything?
I think it's about Yoo Hee Jin.
I think it is about Hee Jin.
Yoo Hee Jin?
--His ex-girlfriend?
Yeah.
That's why he hasn't come to work
You're finished!
You're finished now! You dummy!
Look at you...
You can't like him!
I started to like him when he laid down on my stomach.
Your stomach?
He said, he smiles whenever he looks at me,
and talked about his brother and even cried.
He cried in my arms
Doesn't that mean he likes
me when he was like that?
No. I have a guy friend who cries
everytime when he gets a girl.
And when he's crying, he starts to tell
the girl all about his family history.
When he uses a ploy on women like you, that is saying he likes you?
No
Sam Shik is not that kind of person
Sam Shik is exactly that kind of person!
Even a stray dog will laugh at this old girl.
He's probably with some other girl right
now telling his brother's story.
No!
No! Sam Shik is not that kind of person!
Wake up! You dummy!
Why are you hitting me?
Don't fool yourself.
You've reached this situation now,
you still don't understand?
Why do people who don't know how
to love do the same things!
Yes! You're right! I don't know how to love!
You're good! You're the love expert!
A person's beauty is a gift
from God, so what?
How can you be so cruel?!
No, I can't, I'm afraid you will hurt even more!
You've been had.  Your heart is going to break.
Right! All your geese are swans!
What are you saying..!
I've suffered one beating already,
I'm not gonna take another one!
How dare you mess with me?
Let go now!
Am I a fool?
You'll hit me if I let go!
You've been stupid from childhood,
How long do I have to clean up after you? Do you know?
What have you given me? You
always took the best food first,
wore the prettiest clothes first!
You ate so well, ate so full,
I've given you all the food!
It's because you that I never had chance to learn the piano,
that I couldn't go to college because of you!
Because you couldn't study, was that my fault?
When I went to France to study,
did you give me any money?!
There were so many peaches I wanted to eat.
You think you haven't eaten it, then I have?!
Have you ever introduced a man to me?
Did you think heaven would make you thinner?
Were you afraid your mother would get bored so you threw a party?
What more do you have to say
since you're divorced?!
You! You're not even married yet but
you keep on getting blinded by love!
The two of you don't even
consider about me!!
Oh the meat's getting scorched!
Anyway, Sam Shik is a definite no.
He is.
-No
- Is this any of your business?!
You! Because you're my sister!
Then lend me money to buy a dress.
If you don't lend me, I won't speak to you!
Except to see Sam Shik, I can let
you borrow it anytime you want!
But can you fit in it?
I love you!
♫  The since forgotten innocent laughter ♫
♫  brightened our past.  ♫
♫ Already the breathless tears  were erased  ♫
♫ My dark and miserable image. ♫
♫ I love beautiful you.  Let me hold your hands.  ♫
♫ Because you returned to me like a delicate flower song, ♫
♫ Try to clean in the blurry moonlight  ♫
♫ The mirror which has a mist of dust spread over it.  ♫
♫  Your sharp face in deep sleep  ♫
♫ At dawn ...  ♫
I like him.
I don't.
I like him
I don't like you looking at other men
I don't like you listening to other men.
I don't know why, but I just..
I don't like it.
Yes, you're  crazy.
[ I miss you ]
I miss you.
Are you really sick?
I brought you some congee.
It's sesame congee that my mum used to make for me when I was sick, it smells really nice.
I even brought the millefleur that I made.
It's like the bark of a tree, it
comes off layer after layer.
It's one of the most delicious!
Where are you feeling sick?
Why are you sick?
I'm sorry if I woke you.
Are you really sick?
I made some congee, it's sesame congee.
This is 100% sesame.
I also made millefleur.
Who is it?
Who's come so early?
Thank you for being so concerned
about me, I will enjoy it.
You brought congee? This early?
Miss Kim Hee Jin.
I'm sorry.
For what?
I'm just sorry.
Are you sick?
Do you still remember
part 6 to our contract?
Fooling around is prohibited for both parties!
Terminate the contract, you jerk!
Are you ok?
I...
I'm starting  all over with Hee Jin.
I could see that.
Congratulations.
Then let's terminate the contract.
Fine.
It was me who first broke the contract,
so you don't need to repay
back the 50 million won.
You don't have to pay...
Hey! Do you think 50 million won
can buy someone's heart?
If it was going to be like this, you shouldn't
have said the things at Jeju Island.
You shouldn't have said "don't look at other guy, don't listen to other guy" thing.
Did you have to do that?  Are you a player?
Fine, even if I did understand
why you did what you did..
..But why did you say you wanted to
go to Hallyu mountain with me?
I don't think you know but..
...that...
..That sentence..
..That sentence is meaning
"I liked you", did you know that?
If it was gonna turn out like this, you shouldn't have said to methat you wanted to go to Mount Hallyu  together
Why are you throwing a rock in a calm lake?
Why? Why? Why? You bastard.
That's why I don't want the
50 million won back.
Is my body worth 50 million won?
Is my heart worth 50 million won?
Were you just playing around with me?
Fine
I'll take it
I won't repay you the 50
million won, is that ok?
Yes.
Also..
I want to cancel that sentence.
The sentence when I said I liked you.
I'm sorry, that was a mistake.
I was being sincere.
When I said to go to Halla
mountain together
Someday I still want to go with you
That's the truth.
Why?
You want me to carry you up the mountain
when your leg starts to hurt?
Yeh, I guess that's one of the reasons
You think it's funny?
You think it's funny joking around with me?
Go to Halla mountain
with Miss Yoo Hee Jin.
Miss Kim Sam Soon! Are you ok?
Miss Kim Sam Soon!
Wake up!
Miss Kim Sam Soon, wake up!
Miss Kim Sam Soon!
I didn't hit her.
She fell herself.
It's true.
Miss Kim Sam Soon, wake up!
Miss Kim Sam Soon!
What did they say?
Why? Are you worried now?
Who wouldn't be worried?
Don't try to lie!
Don't worry, she didn't faint,
she's just fallen asleep
I guess she was up all night worrying about
you that she didn't get any sleep.
Anyway, what were you guys talking about when you
said about terminating the contract?
Oh that..that's..
Sam Soon, Sam Soon!
What's this? What happened?
What happened? She left
before the sun came up.
Miss Hee Jin?
Miss Hee Jin, I didn't think
you were like that! You really are something!
Yi Young Unni!
It's been a long time!
So you had that kind of experience
Fate is a funny thing, like
us meeting like this.
I'm sorry.
What for?
Towards your sister.
It's ok, since it wasn't a real relationship.
This is the first message.
At the airport, where are you?
Second
Why aren't you answering your phone?
Aren't you getting on that plane?
Third
It's me.
There's not much time left, you do
know you're in Jeju Island right?]
It's the last flight back to Seoul today.
Are you on your way here now?
Fourth
Did you get my message?
It's the flight at 9:15pm
You have to get here before 9pm.
I wanted to thank you for telling
me earlier about your brother.
In return I wanted to tell you about my dad.
My dad...Miller President Kim
I didn't go to my dad's funeral.
It happened so suddenly, there was no flight.
The last time I saw him
was at Kimpo airport
This was before Incheon airport opened.
He said my daughter needs to leave now,
and he gave me a lot of rice cakes.
But I lost my temper.
So old-fashioned!I said  "Who needs
to bring rice cakes!"
But..If I had known that was going to
be the last time we spoke..
'Dad, I will enjoy them!'
'Dad, I will come back healthy.'
'Dad, take care of yourself'
That's what I would've said.
Anyway, thanks for telling
me earlier about your brother.
Don't go.
Don't go!
I've come to like you.
♫  Inside my heart  ♫
I say I've come to like you! You jerk!
♫  You, who are shining in the sky ♫
Don't go.
♫Inside your heart ♫
♫ Now, I am waiting.  ♫
If you leave now..
♫   In my longing for you, I am crying.  ♫
Don't go!
Don't go.
-Miss Kim Sam Soon!
-Don't go!
Miss Kim Sam Soon!
You didn't go?
Have you slept enough?
I'll take you home.
Who's car is it?
Mine, let's go.
You're not coming?
Where's my bike?
It's in my apartment.
Get in, please get in.
Let' s take a taxi.
Aren't you very tired? Let's go together
Sis, let's go
Miss Hee Jin, can you turn around?
Pardon?
Please turn around.
President Hyun
Yes.
If you keep on pestering my sister,
see what I'll do to you!
I'm sorry, Miss Hee Jin.
You deserved that.
What? A love contract?
So when I wasn't around,
you put on a show?
Hello
It's me, Secretary Yoon.
Is Jin Hyun by your side?
No, please speak.
The president wants to see you,
please come over tonight.
I'm sorry.
I didn't fufill my responsibilities as a sister.
I should've stopped this from the
beginning, I'm so disappointed.
All this for 50 million won, that's nothing.
He got a car.
He's driving now.
What are you talking about?
That jerk is driving now.
He's driving.
I killed my brother.
My brother looked tired, so I was driving.
I killed my brother and my sister-in-law.
Come here..come here
What's up? He got a car
He hasn't come here for days
now, how did he get a car?
Did he use the car in the last 3-4 days?
He really matches the car well.
Hello President Hyun.
It's so strange.
There's seems to be a storm coming.
Come in.
Hello
It's been  a long time..
Just wait here for a bit, she'll be right out.
What would you like to drink?
Water please
Hot or cold?
Cold please
Cold water..
It's Mi Joo, isn't it?
You're getting prettier!
Do you remember me?
That's right, you were so little back then.
So pretty, just like your mum
Mi Joo, go inside.
What are you doing Mi Joo? Go inside.
Sit.
I heard it all from your mum, was
the operation successful?
Yes.
That's a relief
You should've contacted me
first when you came back. Why didn't you?
I wanted to wait a while
before contacting you
Have you been seeing Jin Hyun lately?
Yes
How much does Jin Hyun know?
He only knows it was my decision to leave.
You said  it like I pushed you away.
No, I thought I did the right thing.
Mother, you didn't force me
to go, I understand that.
You should not see him again.
I don't want a sick daughter-in-law.
Mother.
Don't call me that.
I wanted to say that to you
so I asked you to come.
Stop seeing Jin Hyun.
Didn't you say I could come
back once I recovered?
Didn't you say I could see him again?
It's strange how people's feelings can change.
My heart has changed a lot
Go back to America.
Your parents are already there.
You will have a bright future
if you graduate in America.
Why did you have to come back?
Go back.
Mother, you can't do this to me.
Mother.
Didn't we make a promise together?
Didn't we make an agreement?
You have to understand
me, can you do that?
My husband passed away very early..
and lost both son & daughter-in-law who were so young.
If you get sick again and it goes wrong,
I don't think I can live with that.
I won't get sick again, mother,
I'm fully recovered.
I can even eat without having
to take the tablets.
I had a scan yesterday.
They said it's very clean inside,
there's nothing there.
I will work hard, Mother.
I will make Jin Hyun happy and we'll live like that forever.
I will raise Mi Joo as well
Can you accept me one more time? Please?
No I can't.
What can I do? What can I do?
Go back.
Return to your parents
side and live peacefully.
Mother!
You used to like me.
You treated me as your own daughter!
I do like you.
Your parents have already immigrated..
..Why do you want to live
a hard life like this?
It's because of that, I don't like you anymore.
I don't want another tragedy in my family.
I am fully recovered now!
I have no feelings towards
you whatsoever now.
♫ Let me take the hands of my beautiful love, you.   ♫
♫ After  you come back to me again, it will be as beautiful as a flower song.  ♫
♫  Love is still in place.   ♫
♫  Not once in parting could I say goodbye.   ♫
♫  On the day when you return again   ♫
♫ Then we will own everything in the world.   ♫
♫  Let me take the hands of my beautiful love, you.   ♫
♫ After you return again to me, It will be as beautiful as a flower song.  ♫
--Ahjumma, another!
-Yes.
Auntie, please get me another bottle of Soju.
Don't you see how busy I am! Get it yourself
I introduced so many customers here,
and this is how you treat me?
I don't need you to get more customers.
If you wanna come, come with
your husband next time.
Auntie, I don't have a husband.
I'm just on my own.
Oh look at you..!
You said that when you were 20, and
10 years on, you're still saying it.
So what?
Is this the city's soju?
Don't you have soju from Chun Chon?
Aren't they both the same soju?
How can you not know the difference
since you sell alcohol!
The one from the city is sweet.
The one from Chun Chon is bitter.
My mood today is like the soju
from Chun Chon, bitter.
What is wrong with you today?
Where did Yee Young go?
Yee Young!
She went to the toilet, I'll drink this one then.
Dad.
Dad, where did you go?
I see you've come to annoy auntie again.
Did you get dumped?
Dad you really know me well.
I really want to go back to when I was 19.
Didn't you start to teach
me how to drink? Dad?
What kind of man is he this time?
Kind of man?
What kind of guy is he? He
has no manners at all.
He thinks he's some sort of prince.
He's selfish, conceited and a player.
How could you like a guy like him?
Yeah, I know.
Dad, what can I do to teach him a lesson?
Teach him a lesson? He's not that lucky.
Is there anyone else in this world besides our Sam Soon
who will become a great daughter-in-law?
Dad!
It's really..
If it was a few years back, then I
would've believed what you said.
But I don't believe it now.
I'm nearly hitting 30 now, 30!
I now have my own piece of mind.
But you have to face the fact
that you got dumped.
What are you doing now?
Dad, it seems like you don't understand
Let's drink, you dummy.
This soju sure is sweet!f
Sweet soju..sweet..
This is sweet..
I'm sorry, Dad.
Sam Soon.
I'm so fraustrated!
I thought I wouldn't cry over a man again.
Dad
I thought that after I turn 30, it
wouldn't be like this anymore.
I wouldn't feel my heart beating..
..and there wouldn't be times when I'm
waiting all night for a phonecall..
Dad, do you know how tiring that is?
I just want to find a guy who likes me.
And one who wouldn't hurt my heart.
Just live a normal life together,
But look what's happened now.
It's making me so disappointed..
I've been through so much already..
I still fell for a guy
I feel so disappointed with
myself, so disappointed
Wouldn't it be great if my heart could
be a bit stronger, right dad?
Preview for Episode 9